README.md, before:

# HAMi Community

Welcome to the HAMi Community!

This is the starting point for joining and contributing to the HAMi community—improving documentation, code, giving talks, etc.

## Community Meeting

Regular Community Meetings:
- **Asia Time**: **Friday at 16:00 (UTC+8)** (weekly).
  ([Convert to your timezone.](https://www.thetimezoneconverter.com/?t=14%3A30&tz=GMT%2B8&))

Regular Community Meeting:
- Asia Timeg: **Friday at 16:00 UTC+8 (Chinese)**(weekly).
  ([Convert to your timezone](https://www.thetimezoneconverter.com/?t=14%3A30&tz=GMT%2B8&))

Resources:
- [Meeting notes and agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1YC6hco03_oXbF9IOUPJ29VWEddmITIKIfSmBX8JtGBw/edit#heading=h.g61sgp7w0d0c)
- [Meeting link](https://meeting.tencent.com/dm/Ntiwq1BICD1P)
- [Meeting Calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=hami@project-hami.com)

## Contact

If you have any questions, feel free to reach out to us in the following ways:

- [Slack Channel](https://cloud-native.slack.com/archives/C07T10BU4R2)
- [Mailing List](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/hami-project)

## Contribute

The [Contributor Guide](./contributing.md) provides detailed instructions on how to get your ideas and bug fixes seen and accepted, including:

1. [Your First Contribution](./contributing.md#your-first-contribution)
2. [Contributor Workflow](./contributing.md#contributor-workflow)


If you're interested in being a contributor and want to get involved in developing the HAMi code, please see [CONTRIBUTOR-LADDER](./CONTRIBUTOR-LADDER.md#contributor) for details on submitting patches and the contribution workflow, including:

1. How to [become a Contributor](./CONTRIBUTOR-LADDER.md#contributor)
2. How to [become a Reviewer](./CONTRIBUTOR-LADDER.md#reviewer)
3. How to [become a Maintainer](./CONTRIBUTOR-LADDER.md#maintainer)

## Questions and issues

- If you have any questions, please refer to: [HAMi FAQ](https://github.com/Project-HAMi/HAMi/issues/646). 
- If you can't find any related issues, please [create an issue](https://github.com/Project-HAMi/HAMi/issues/new).

## SBOM (Software Bill of Materials)

We provide a [Software Bill of Materials](./sbom.md) (SBOM) for this project, which includes a detailed list of all components, libraries, and dependencies used in the project.

Commit message:

update hami community membership
Signed-off-by: wawa0210 <xiao.zhang@daocloud.io>

README.md, after:

# HAMi Community

Welcome to the HAMi Community!

This is the starting point for joining and contributing to the HAMi community—improving documentation, code, giving talks, etc.

## Community Meeting

Regular Community Meetings:
- **Asia Time**: **Friday at 16:00 (UTC+8)** (weekly).
  ([Convert to your timezone.](https://www.thetimezoneconverter.com/?t=14%3A30&tz=GMT%2B8&))

Resources:
- [Meeting notes and agenda](https://shorturl.at/S457j)
- [Meeting link](https://meeting.tencent.com/dm/Ntiwq1BICD1P)

## Contact

<!--
We don't have a troubleshooting guide yet.  When we do, uncomment the following and add the link.
If you need support, start with the [troubleshooting guide], and work your way through the process that we've outlined.

-->

If you have any question, feel free to reach out to us in the following ways:

[Mailing list](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/hami-project)
[HAMi Slack Channel](https://cloud-native.slack.com/archives/C07T10BU4R2) | [Join](https://slack.cncf.io/)

## Contribute

The [Contributor Guide](./contributing.md) provides detailed instruction on how to get your ideas and bug fixes seen and accepted, including:

1. How to [find something to work on](./contributing.md#find-something-to-work-on)
2. How to [create a pull request](./contributing.md#creating-pull-requests)
3. [Contributor Workflow](./contributing.md#contributor-workflow)
4. How to [code review](./contributing.md#code-review)

If you're interested in being a contributor and want to get involved in developing the HAMi code, please see [contribute](./contributing.md) for details on submitting patches and the contribution workflow.

## Membership

We encourage all contributors to become members. Learn more about requirements and responsibilities of membership in our [Community Membership doc](./community-membership.md).

1. How to [become a Member](./community-membership.md#Member)
2. How to [become a Reviewer](./community-membership.md#Reviewer)
3. How to [become a Approver](./community-membership.md#Approver)
4. How to [become a Maintainer](./community-membership.md#Maintainer)

## Questions and issues

- If you have any questions, please refer to: [HAMi FAQ](https://github.com/Project-HAMi/HAMi/issues/646).
- If you can't find any related issues, please [create an issue](https://github.com/Project-HAMi/HAMi/issues/new).

## SBOM (Software Bill of Materials)

We provide a [Software Bill of Materials](./sbom.md) (SBOM) for this project, which includes a detailed list of all components, libraries, and dependencies used in the project.
